Coretime Guides Rework (Omninode Considerations) (#5946)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-guides-coretime-start.md

## Using the Polkadot SDK

> The Polkadot SDK used to be overarching **three** repositories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Polkadot SDK is comprised of **three** important repositories:
```

:::info What is a task?

> You might see the term "task" referenced in place of "parachain". In most cases, it refers to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might see the term "task" referenced often in place of "parachain". In most cases, it refers to a
```

process utilizing the relay chain's compute. This could be a parachain or any other computational

> process, provided that it adheres to the Polkadot protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process, provided that it adheres to the Polkadot protocol interface.
```

### Install dependencies

Make sure you have everything you need for your target system
[here.](./build-guides-install-deps.md).

Be sure you also install the `polkadot-parachain` and `chain-spec-builder` binaries, as they will be

> used to start and run your chain!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure you also install the `polkadot-parachain` and `chain-spec-builder` binaries, as they needed to start and run your chain!
```
